big little lies season two is about to
premiere so if you haven't seen season 1
or just need a refresher here's
everything you need to know the story
begins with jane chapman moving to
monterey with her young son Ziggy Ziggy
was conceived after a sexual assault
which to this day haunts Jane who has
never before opened up about Ziggy's
father life in a new town quickly gets
complicated when Ziggy is accused of
bullying his classmate Annabella Emma
Bella's mother Renata is one of the more
popular and powerful mothers at the
school and uses her power to try to
ostracize Ziggy and Jane thankfully Jane
is supported by new friends and fellow
class mothers Madeline and Celeste
Madeline has her own problems with
Renata who is trying to shut down her
production of Avenue Q for being too
inappropriate she also happens to be
feeling the guilt for having an affair
with the theatre company's owner Joseph
she's in an otherwise happy marriage
with Edie who is everything her
ex-husband Nathan wasn't Madeline and
Nathan share a teenage daughter named
Abigail and her and Nathan are often at
odds over parenting styles Madeline and
Ed's daughter Chloe and Nathan and new
wife Bonnie's daughter Skye are all in
Ziggy's class as for Celeste she shares
two twin sons Josh and Max with her
husband Perry who was physically abusive
toward her it turns out that it's
actually max who was bullying Amma Bella
picking up on the violent tendencies he
sees his father displayed toward his
mother everything comes to a head at an
Audrey Hepburn and Elvis Presley themed
school fundraiser event at the
fundraiser Perry learned celestial and
on leaving him due to his violent
outbursts at the fundraiser Perry
confronts Celeste
Jane seeing Celeste husband for the
first time recognizes him as her abuser
and Ziggy's father this further sets off
Perry who attacked Celeste Jane Madeline
and Renata as the women try to fight him
off Bonnie arrives and shoves Perry
sending him toppling down some under
construction stairs resulting in his
death as the season comes to a close the
women to be known as the Monterey five
have put aside their differences
and covered up Perry's death as an
accident although the lead detective
remains suspicious will the truth of
that night ever be uncovered will
friendships new and old survive this big
little lie you'll have to watch season 2
to find out what did you think of season
1 of big little lives and what do you
expect from season 2 let us know in the
comments below like this video subscribe
for more and I'll see you in the next
one